README.md, before:

# Visorbearer ZMK Module

This is the ZMK module for the [Visorbearer](https://github.com/carrefinho/visorbearer) keyboard, a 32-key unibody split wireless keyboard featuring 8 RGB LED indicators.

## Usage

Add these lines to `config/west.yml` in your `zmk-config` repository:

```yaml
manifest:
  remotes:
    - name: zmkfirmware
      url-base: https://github.com/zmkfirmware
    - name: carrefinho                            # <---
      url-base: https://github.com/carrefinho     # <---
  projects:
    - name: zmk
      remote: zmkfirmware
      revision: main
      import: app/west.yml
    - name: zmk-keyboards-visorbearer             # <---
      repo-path: visorbearer-zmk-module           # <---
      remote: carrefinho                          # <---
      revision: main                              # <---
  self:
    path: config
```

Then add the `visorbearer` shield to your `build.yaml`:

```yaml
---
include:
  - board: seeeduino_xiao_ble
    shield: visorbearer
    snippet: studio-rpc-usb-uart
  - board: seeeduino_xiao_ble
    shield: settings_reset
```

For more information on ZMK Modules and building locally, see [the ZMK docs page on modules.](https://zmk.dev/docs/features/modules)

## LED Features

Visorbearer features two RGB LED bars with four segments each:

**Connection Bar (left):**
- **Upon Bluetooth events or behavior**:
  - **White**: Connected Bluetooth profile
  - **Cyan (Breathing)**: Paired but not connected
  - **Yellow (Breathing)**: Open profile, advertising
- **When idle**:
  - **Dim White**: Active modifier keys (order configurable, default: Shift/Ctrl/Alt/GUI)

**Battery Bar (right):**
- **White**: Normal battery
- **Yellow**: Low battery
- **Red**: Critical battery
- **Green**: Charging

## LED Indication Behaviors

Two behaviors are available to trigger LED indications on demand:

```dts
&ind_bat    // Show battery status when pressed
&ind_con    // Show connection status when pressed
```

### Bluetooth Behavior Wrapper Macros

Use these macros to also trigger LED indications when selecting/clearing BT profiles:

```dts
&bt_sel_led 0   // Select BT profile 0 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 1   // Select BT profile 1 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 2   // Select BT profile 2 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 3   // Select BT profile 3 and show connection status
&bt_clr_led     // Clear current BT profile and show connection status
```

## Configuration

Customize LED behavior by adding options to your `config/visorbearer.conf` file:

```ini
# Animation speeds (higher = faster)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_FADE_STEP_SIZE=8
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BREATH_STEP_SIZE=3

# Display timing (milliseconds)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_EVENT_DISPLAY_TIME_MS=3000
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_STARTUP_DISPLAY_TIME_MS=6000

# Battery thresholds (percentage)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BATTERY_CRITICAL_THRESHOLD=8
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BATTERY_LOW_THRESHOLD=15

# Modifier display
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_SHOW_MODIFIERS=y             # Enable/disable modifier display
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_MODIFIER_ORDER="SCAG"        # Customize modifier order: S=Shift, C=Ctrl, A=Alt, G=GUI
```

See `Kconfig` for all available configuration options.

Commit message:

update readme to reflect legacy status

README.md, after:

# Visorbearer ZMK Module

This is the ZMK module for the [Visorbearer](https://github.com/carrefinho/visorbearer) keyboard, a 32-key unibody split wireless keyboard featuring 8 RGB LED indicators.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a legacy branch for ZMK v0.3 (pre Zephyr 4.1 update). Note that this branch is missing some Visorbearer features and you may experience abnormal battery drain when using soft off due to a bug in that ZMK version. Consider upgrading to the [main branch](https://github.com/carrefinho/visorbearer-zmk-module).

## Usage

Add these lines to `config/west.yml` in your `zmk-config` repository:

```yaml
manifest:
  remotes:
    - name: zmkfirmware
      url-base: https://github.com/zmkfirmware
    - name: carrefinho                            # <---
      url-base: https://github.com/carrefinho     # <---
  projects:
    - name: zmk
      remote: zmkfirmware
      revision: v0.3                              # <- use v0.3 release
      import: app/west.yml
    - name: zmk-keyboards-visorbearer             # <---
      repo-path: visorbearer-zmk-module           # <---
      remote: carrefinho                          # <---
      revision: v0.3                              # <- use v0.3 tag
  self:
    path: config
```

Then add the `visorbearer` shield to your `build.yaml`:

```yaml
---
include:
  - board: seeeduino_xiao_ble
    shield: visorbearer
    snippet: studio-rpc-usb-uart
  - board: seeeduino_xiao_ble
    shield: settings_reset
```

For more information on ZMK Modules and building locally, see [the ZMK docs page on modules.](https://zmk.dev/docs/features/modules)

## LED Features

Visorbearer features two RGB LED bars with four segments each:

**Connection Bar (left):**
- **Upon Bluetooth events or behavior**:
  - **White**: Connected Bluetooth profile
  - **Cyan (Breathing)**: Paired but not connected
  - **Yellow (Breathing)**: Open profile, advertising
- **When idle**:
  - **Dim White**: Active modifier keys (order configurable, default: Shift/Ctrl/Alt/GUI)

**Battery Bar (right):**
- **White**: Normal battery
- **Yellow**: Low battery
- **Red**: Critical battery
- **Green**: Charging

## LED Indication Behaviors

Two behaviors are available to trigger LED indications on demand:

```dts
&ind_bat    // Show battery status when pressed
&ind_con    // Show connection status when pressed
```

### Bluetooth Behavior Wrapper Macros

Use these macros to also trigger LED indications when selecting/clearing BT profiles:

```dts
&bt_sel_led 0   // Select BT profile 0 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 1   // Select BT profile 1 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 2   // Select BT profile 2 and show connection status
&bt_sel_led 3   // Select BT profile 3 and show connection status
&bt_clr_led     // Clear current BT profile and show connection status
```

## Configuration

Customize LED behavior by adding options to your `config/visorbearer.conf` file:

```ini
# Animation speeds (higher = faster)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_FADE_STEP_SIZE=8
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BREATH_STEP_SIZE=3

# Display timing (milliseconds)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_EVENT_DISPLAY_TIME_MS=3000
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_STARTUP_DISPLAY_TIME_MS=6000

# Battery thresholds (percentage)
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BATTERY_CRITICAL_THRESHOLD=8
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_BATTERY_LOW_THRESHOLD=15

# Modifier display
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_SHOW_MODIFIERS=y             # Enable/disable modifier display
CONFIG_VISORBEARER_LED_BAR_MODIFIER_ORDER="SCAG"        # Customize modifier order: S=Shift, C=Ctrl, A=Alt, G=GUI
```

See `Kconfig` for all available configuration options.
